So last thing about interfaces I want
to cover is this concept of the empty
interface.
And it's written with the keyword
interface and an empty curly braces.
And so there are lots of times in your
code where you might not be completely
sure what's coming in.
You don't know if it's a user or a group.
You don't know what the key value
pairs on a map are, but you know,
you're accepting some
type of map structure.
And so
an empty interface specify zero methods.
It can be used to hold
a value of any type.
It also can be used by code
that expects an unknown type.
And it allows hold methods and
functions on types when you're
not totally sure what's expected.
So this is kind of like,
if you're working with type script or
other type specific
languages like the any type.
You're like,
I don't really know what this is, but
I know I need to execute this thing on it.
So you can use the empty interface
a little bit more freely.
So here's kind of an example.
Let's say you have three
types that are structs.
You've got a user, an admin, a parent,
whatever type of struct you're talking
about, and
you know you're gonna have a people map,
but you're not sure what
the types are gonna be.
Maybe new types will be added soon or
you're gonna modify the types,
you can set a variable that knows
it's a map of the key of string and
a value of something,
I'm not sure what, and
then that string key value pair
is a little bit more flexible.